_README.md, before:

# Ultimate-autopair.nvim 0.7.0
[Ultimate-autopair](https://github.com/altermo/ultimate-autopair.nvim) plugin aims to have any most features you want and be ultra customizable, while making it easy to configure.
## Major features
+ Treesitter node filtering and treesitter injected language(filetype) detection
+ Multiline support (and caching)
+ The configuration system to rule them all:
    + Smart merge with default configuration
    + Smart inherit from parent config
    + Validate that the configuration is correct
    + Some options are runtime options and can be set to function to dynamically calculate them
    + Generate a random config (cause why not)
+ Mappings
    + backspace
        + `(|)` > `|`
    + newline
        + `(|)` > `(\n|\n)`
    + space
        + `(|foo)` > `( |foo )`
        +  Previous versions had a space2 which was refactored into space, please read `:h todo`
    + fastwarp and reverse fastwarp
        + `(|)foo` > `(|foo)`
        + works multiline: `(|){foo\nbar}` > `({foo\nbar})`
    + close
        + `(|` > `(|)`
    + tabout
        + `(f|oo)` > `(foo|)`
+ Extensions
    + surround
        + `|"foo"` > `(` > `(|"foo")`
    + fly
        + `({[|]})` > `)` > `({[]})|`
+ UTF-8 compatible (or at leasts tries to be)
+ Extensiv testing
+ Terminal and normal mode support
+ And much much more...
## Use
+ If your planing to use this with `rust`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-rust`
+ If your planing to use this with `latex`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-latex`
+ If your planing to use this with `lisp`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-lisp`
+ If your planing to use this with `html`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-html`
## Install (lazy)
Minimum Neovim version: 0.9.2; Recommended: 0.10 (or 0.11-dev)\
(Neovim versions 0.9.1<= (and 0.10-dev) had bugs which could crache Neovim (see: [neovim/neovim#24796](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/pull/24796)))
```lua
{
    'altermo/ultimate-autopair.nvim',
    event={'InsertEnter','CmdlineEnter'},
    branch='v0.7', --recommended as each new version will have breaking changes
    opts={
        --Config goes here
    },
    dependencies={
        -- -- Optional dependencies
        -- 'nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter',
        -- -- For installing parsers which will be used to get nodes and injected filetypes
        -- 'windwp/nvim-ts-autotag',
        -- -- html tag integration (IMPORTANT: read `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-html`)
    }
}
-- -- Recommended but not exactly related to ultimate-autopair
-- 'gpanders/nvim-parinfer',
-- -- the parinfer algorithm for LISP programming
-- 'RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise',
-- -- Auto add `end` keyword for some languages
-- 'abecodes/tabout.nvim',
-- -- Treesitter based more complex tabout (if ultimate-autopair's tabout is not good enough)
-- 'kylechui/nvim-surround',
-- -- Surround selected with pairs, delete/change surrounding pairs (in normal/visual mode)
```

### Donate
If you want to donate then you need to find the correct link (hint: 50₁₀):
* [0a]() [0b]() [0c]() [0d]() [0e]() [0f]() [0g]() [0h]()
* [1a]() [1b]() [1c]() [1d]() [1e]() [1f]() [1g]() [1h]()
* [2a]() [2b]() [2c]() [2d]() [2e]() [2f]() [2g]() [2h]()
* [3a]() [3b]() [3c]() [3d]() [3e]() [3f]() [3g]() [3h]()
* [4a]() [4b]() [4c]() [4d]() [4e]() [4f]() [4g]() [4h]()
* [5a]() [5b]() [5c]() [5d]() [5e]() [5f]() [5g]() [5h]()
* [6a]() [6b](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/altermo) [6c]() [6d]() [6e]() [6f]() [6g]() [6h]()
* [7a]() [7b]() [7c]() [7d]() [7e]() [7f]() [7g]() [7h]()
### Chat
+ [github discussions](https://github.com/altermo/ultimate-autopair.nvim/discussions)
<!-- + [matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#ultimate-autopair.nvim:matrix.org)-->

Commit message:

;update readme about keymap conflicts

_README.md, after:

# Ultimate-autopair.nvim 0.7.0
[Ultimate-autopair](https://github.com/altermo/ultimate-autopair.nvim) plugin aims to have any most features you want and be ultra customizable, while making it easy to configure.
## Major features
+ Treesitter node filtering and treesitter injected language(filetype) detection
+ Multiline support (and caching)
+ The configuration system to rule them all:
    + Smart merge with default configuration
    + Smart inherit from parent config
    + Validate that the configuration is correct
    + Some options are runtime options and can be set to function to dynamically calculate them
    + Generate a random config (cause why not)
+ Mappings
    + backspace
        + `(|)` > `|`
    + newline
        + `(|)` > `(\n|\n)`
    + space
        + `(|foo)` > `( |foo )`
        +  Previous versions had a space2 which was refactored into space, please read `:h todo`
    + fastwarp and reverse fastwarp
        + `(|)foo` > `(|foo)`
        + works multiline: `(|){foo\nbar}` > `({foo\nbar})`
    + close
        + `(|` > `(|)`
    + tabout
        + `(f|oo)` > `(foo|)`
+ Extensions
    + surround
        + `|"foo"` > `(` > `(|"foo")`
    + fly
        + `({[|]})` > `)` > `({[]})|`
+ UTF-8 compatible (or at leasts tries to be)
+ Extensiv testing
+ Terminal and normal mode support
+ And much much more...
## Use
+ If your planing to use this with `rust`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-rust`
+ If your planing to use this with `latex`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-latex`
+ If your planing to use this with `lisp`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-lisp`
+ If your planing to use this with `html`: `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-html`
## Install (lazy)
Minimum Neovim version: 0.9.2; Recommended: 0.10 (or 0.11-dev)\
(Neovim versions 0.9.1<= (and 0.10-dev) had bugs which could crache Neovim (see: [neovim/neovim#24796](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/pull/24796)))
```lua
{
    'altermo/ultimate-autopair.nvim',
    event={'InsertEnter','CmdlineEnter'},
    branch='v0.7', --recommended as each new version will have breaking changes
    opts={
        --Config goes here
    },
    dependencies={
        -- -- Optional dependencies
        -- 'nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter',
        -- -- For installing parsers which will be used to get nodes and injected filetypes
        -- 'windwp/nvim-ts-autotag',
        -- -- html tag integration (IMPORTANT: read `:h ultimate-autopair-use-with-html`)
    }
}
-- -- Recommended but not exactly related to ultimate-autopair
-- 'gpanders/nvim-parinfer',
-- -- the parinfer algorithm for LISP programming
-- 'RRethy/nvim-treesitter-endwise',
-- -- Auto add `end` keyword for some languages
-- 'abecodes/tabout.nvim',
-- -- Treesitter based more complex tabout (if ultimate-autopair's tabout is not good enough)
-- 'kylechui/nvim-surround',
-- -- Surround selected with pairs, delete/change surrounding pairs (in normal/visual mode)
```
## Issues
### Keymap conflict
Ultimate-autopair uses these insert-keymaps by default: `<A-e>`, `<C-A-e>`, `<A-S-e>`, `<C-A-S-e>`, `<BS>`, `<CR>`, `<A-)>` (+ the pair keymaps).
Some plugins handle these keymap conflicts well, and no no extra config is needed.
If you don't use the features that the keymaps are for then disable them in the config. (see `:h ultimate-autopair-default-config`)
If you use the features that the keymaps are for but still want to use them for other things then look into `:h ultimate-autopair-fallback` and `:h ultimate-autopair-create-map`

### Donate
If you want to donate then you need to find the correct link (hint: 50₁₀):
* [0a]() [0b]() [0c]() [0d]() [0e]() [0f]() [0g]() [0h]()
* [1a]() [1b]() [1c]() [1d]() [1e]() [1f]() [1g]() [1h]()
* [2a]() [2b]() [2c]() [2d]() [2e]() [2f]() [2g]() [2h]()
* [3a]() [3b]() [3c]() [3d]() [3e]() [3f]() [3g]() [3h]()
* [4a]() [4b]() [4c]() [4d]() [4e]() [4f]() [4g]() [4h]()
* [5a]() [5b]() [5c]() [5d]() [5e]() [5f]() [5g]() [5h]()
* [6a]() [6b](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/altermo) [6c]() [6d]() [6e]() [6f]() [6g]() [6h]()
* [7a]() [7b]() [7c]() [7d]() [7e]() [7f]() [7g]() [7h]()
### Chat
+ [github discussions](https://github.com/altermo/ultimate-autopair.nvim/discussions)
<!-- + [matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#ultimate-autopair.nvim:matrix.org)-->
